now pasher are the son of imlah the
priest who was also chief governor in
the house of the Lord heard that
Jeremiah prophesied these things then
Pasha struck Jeremiah the Prophet and
put him in the stocks that were in the
high gate of Benjamin which was by the
house of the Lord
and it happened on the next day that
Pasha brought Jeremiah out of the stocks
then jeremiah said to him the lord has
not called your name pleasure but Meg
our miss a babe for thus says the Lord
behold I will make you a terror to
yourself and to all your friends and
they shall fall by the sword of their
enemies and your eye shall see it I will
give all Judah into the hand of the king
of Babylon and he shall carry them
captive to Babylon and slay them with
the sword moreover I will deliver all
the wealth of this city all its produce
and all its precious things all the
treasures of the kings of Judah I will
give into the hand of their enemies who
will plunder them seize them and carry
them to Babylon and you posher and all
who dwell in your house shall go into
captivity you shall go to Babylon and
there you shall die
and be buried there you and all your
friends to whom you have prophesied lies
[Music]
Oh Lord you induced me and I was
persuaded you're stronger than I and
have prevailed I am in derision daily
everyone mocks me for when I spoke I
cried out I shouted violence and plunder
because the word of the Lord was made to
me a reproach and a derision daily and I
said I will not make mention of him nor
speak any more in his name but his word
was in my heart like a burning fire shut
up in my bones I was weary of holding it
back and I could not for I heard many
mocking fear on every side report they
say and we will report it all my
acquaintances watched for my stumbling
saying perhaps he can be induced then we
will prevail against him and we will
take our revenge on him but the Lord is
with me he is a mighty awesome one
therefore my persecutors will stumble
and will not prevail they will be
greatly ashamed for they will not
prosper their everlasting confusion will
never be forgotten but O Lord of Hosts
you who test the righteous and see the
mind and heart let me see your vengeance
on man
for I have pleaded my cause before you
sing to the Lord praise the Lord for he
has delivered the life of the poor from
the hand of the evildoers cursed be the
day in which I was born but the day not
be blessed in which my mother bore me
let the man be cursed who brought news
to my father saying a male child has
been born to you making him very gladly
let that man be like the cities' which
the Lord overthrew and did not relent
let him kill the cry in the morning and
the shouting is noon because he did not
kill me from the womb that my mother
might have been my grave
and her womb always enlarged with me why
did I come forth from the womb to see
labor and sorrow that my days should be
consumed with shame